so then out of nowhere on some guy tells
me do you know you can make money from
YouTube watch money from from just
uploading my videos and getting good
feedback like yeah man you can make
money off of this I was like how you do
that and then that's when I started
creating another channel with a clean
name or an awesome name which was
enraged ex productions and I started
doing it as a community channel where I
was starting uploading other people
stopping other people's gameplay other
people's montages and it went good i got
about 5,000 6,000 scribers but then i
started getting copyright strikes and
music and mainly not from the actual
creator of the video so i ended up with
a few copyright strikes then I had it
decided to start another channel we call
that channel enrage cinema
today's commentary is regarding how we
have a lot of GTA 5 youtubers doing this
for the money only they don't give a
fuck about their fan base they don't
give a fuck about their subscriber count
they don't all they care about is
getting views and putting videos out
there so they can make money and the
main reason I say this is because um how
many videos is there every day or every
week or every month about the exact same
shit like if you go to Google right now
I mean YouTube and you search a you
search GTA 5 money glitch why is there
over a thousand fucking videos from
different fucking people about the exact
same thing like there's nothing original
there's nothing new there's nothing
different is the exact same video just
done in a different voice and maybe some
different gameplay why can't like I mean
I'm one of them you know I'm saying I'm
not going I'm not the one that comes out
with the original glitch I met them
let's say I've come to a few scenes when
I donate a hundred i would get mod
definitely yeah you would get mad if you
don't need 100 the thing is I'd like to
promote it because I don't sell it like
if you see if you go to a couple of
streams you notice at the bottom of the
description they'll have all if you if
you donate fifty dollars they donate a
hundred dollars you will get you no
moderator I'll follow you you can add me
blow I feel like that's more of a cell
then then you know giving it to the
person so i dont really promote it so
once the perp you know the person
decides to donate and i see it and
that's when i give them the whole
moderator status and follow them back
and all that stuff